- [panting]
- You're not getting away!
[footstep scrapes]
- [gasps]
[whimpers]
- [yells]
It's tiny and hard to target.
- [whimpers]
[gags]
- All right! I can do it!
- [wailing]
["Kizuna no Kiseki" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singers vocalizing]
- [wailing]
- [sword grinding]
- [grunting]
What a horrible voice!
My ears!
Even so, I can do it!
I can behead it!
- [shrieking]
- [gasps]
[ominous music]
What is that?
Something's behind me.
There's something behind me!
Joy! Anger!
Sorrow! Pleasure!
This doesn't smell
like any of them!
Then what's behind me?
What do I do?!
- [wailing]
- Focus on beheading this one!
If I behead this one, then...
- [wailing]
- It's too hard!
I can't slash any further.
And the power from
Nezuko's blood has run out!
- Tanjiro! Get down!
- I can't do it.
I made the wrong call!
And because of my position,
Genya can't fire his gun
without hitting me!
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Crap!
[drum pounds]
Here comes the attack!
[rumbling]
[dramatic music]
[singers vocalizing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
[Nezuko winces]
- Nezuko!
[flesh stretches]
[groans]
[gasps]
Nezuko! Are you all right?
- [grunting]
- Nezuko!
- [sighing]
- She'll be fine.
Her arms and legs
have fully regenerated!
- [sighing]
- [gasps]
- You brutal fiends
who torment the weak...
you're atrocious, offensive...
and despicable!
- [gasps]
♪♪ ♪♪
- Damn you all,
you awful villains.
- Another demon?
There's six?!
Five's already too many.
And we have to fight
another one?!
Wait, that's not a sixth demon.
The four Emotions...
there's no trace of them
anymore!
[wind blowing]
- What the hell's going on?!
How many tricks
do they have up their sleeve?!
I'm positive that one
was the Anger Demon
just a second ago!
Something happened
the moment Tanjiro's sword
was about to decapitate
that tiny demon.
[ominous music]
♪♪ ♪♪
The Anger Demon
raised both of his hands...
and in the blink of an eye,
he was able to absorb...
the Joy Demon
and the Pleasure Demon!
He pulverized their flesh
and then continued
absorbing both of them.
[singers vocalizing]
Then after drawing them in,
the Anger Demon started
sprinting towards Aizetsu.
I saw Aizetsu start to open
his mouth, as if to protest,
but he was absorbed
before he could speak!
♪♪ ♪♪
The Anger Demon's body
transformed
and turned into that!
- [gurgles]
- You've gotta be kidding me.
[singers vocalizing]
He absorbed
the three other demons?
He fused with them?!
- [gasps]
- This wasn't a split,
but he still got even younger!
He's a kid...
a fusion of the demons
without the old geezer,
who's most likely the main body!
- [whimpers]
[drum pounds]
- Oh, no! The main body's
being surrounded!
Hold it!
- [grunts]
- [sputters]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singers vocalizing]
It's so overpowering.
I can't breathe!
♪♪ ♪♪
My heart hurts.
- [shuddering]
- What's wrong?
Answer me.
Do you have a problem
with what I'm doing,
or can I continue my duty here?
- [groans]
- [shudders]
- [sighs]
- Well?
Do you, awful villains?
- [shudders]
So heavy.
That voice...
that force...
it's sapping all the strength
I have in my limbs.
I can barely stay on my feet!
- [gasps]
Tell me...
what makes--
what makes us awful villains
and not you?
- Because you made the choice
to torment the weak, right?
Or did you
not just try to decapitate
a small, weak being
who's only big enough
to fit in the palm of your hand?
- [whimpering]
- Your actions
are utterly atrocious.
Only a pure fiend
would do something like that!
- Did you just say
small and weak?
[tense music]
Small--Small and weak?
Don't give me that!
That scent you're
giving off right now,
the scent of blood,
a scent like that means you've
devoured hundreds of humans!
What did those people do
to deserve that fate?!
- [sighs]
- Tell me what they did!
What could they have done
that would have
cost them their lives?!
Don't you dare
play the victim card
after devouring
scores of innocent people!
If there's one thing
I'm certain of,
it's that you're evil!
You're the villain.
And I'll be the one
that decapitates you!
♪♪ ♪♪
[wind blowing]
[sword slices]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Genya shudders]
That demon...
it's so overpowering.
I still can't move a muscle!
- [gasps]
- Is that really
all you have to say?
- I will behead you,
no matter what!
- Did I kill
a family member of yours?
Is that why you're
so set on beheading me?
- [gasps]
No, but...
- All right. Then this
has nothing to do with you.
- You haven't killed anyone
dear to me,
but that doesn't matter.
Because you've slaughtered
innocent people
who were dear to someone else!
- It sounds like you
have nothing to do
with those people, either.
- Humans don't need a reason
to help out one another!
And if you can't wrap your head
around something like that,
you're the fiend!
- [sputters]
[drum pounds]
[roar]
[metal clangs]
[water flowing]
- Hyo, hyo, hyo!
Oh, that fake
stoic look on your face,
how very sublime it is!
My creative juices are
simply gushing looking upon it!
Don't get me wrong.
I'd love to stick around
a little longer
and watch as you meet
your pathetic end...
but I think it's best
I look inside this shack
that you were
so keen on entering.
I'm trembling with excitement
to find out what's inside
that you failed to protect.
Hyo, hyo, hyo!
[water flowing]
- With the air left
inside of my lungs...
I should be able to manage
one more attack!
Mist Breathing, First Form...
Low Clouds Distant Haze!
Not even that was able
to break through it.
It's no wonder, given
how badly chipped this sword is.
[bubbles flow]
It's futile.
It's over.
[bubbles flow]
I can only hope
that help is on the way.
Sorry, Master...
but I'm going to die,
so as soon as you can,
please send
at least two Hashira.
[Tanjiro] What makes
you think you'll die?
- Huh?
Ohh.
- What makes you think
you'll die?
After all, nobody knows
what the future holds, right?
- Hold on.
This isn't right.
Tanjiro never said
anything like that to me.
If not him, then who?
- Stay back!
I can't let you get inside!
- Hyo, hyo!
Why do you bother?
You're only wasting my time.
Or could it be
that you're foolish enough
to think you're capable
of fending me off?
- [whimpers]
- Hyo, hyo, hyo!
Well, I find that to be...
just comical!
- [whimpers]
- [yells]
- Hyo!
- [gags]
[groans]
- Why is it you're
so desperately defending
such a pitiful-looking shack?
You wouldn't be hiding
your precious village chief
in this shed, now, would you?
- [gasping]
- Hmm?
[metal scraping]
Hmm?!
- Extraordinary steel.
What an extraordinary sword!
- That human is young,
the body of someone
not yet even 40.
There's no way
he could be chief.
- Such brilliant craftsmanship.
This blade is stunning!
- Hmm!
Hey, human,
what are you doing over there?
- Who created this masterpiece?
By what kind of person
was this sword forged?
And why did he carve
this single character,
rather than his own name?
No, I understand.
I understand why!
- Damn him!
I've never seen
such razor-sharp focus.
He's so immersed
in what he's doing
that he's still unaware of me!
[growls]
I don't like this one bit.
Even I've never
concentrated this hard
on one of my pieces.
As an artist, I can't help
but feel inferior to him!
[growls]
Hyo, hyo!
- Stop it!
M-Mr. Haganezuka.
[drop splashes]
[clatter]
- [breathes heavily]
- Mr. Haganezuka.
- What?!
- [yells]
- [Kanamori yelps]
- [breathing heavily]
[singers vocalizing]
- [gasps]
No matter what I do,
this man still refuses to stop!
- I know why he didn't do it,
why he didn't carve his name
into this perfect sword!
This single character
tells me this sword
was forged with nothing
but pure determination.
I understand it now.
This sword was forged for this
sole purpose and nothing else!
- Mr. Haganezuka!
- [growls]
I can't stand this guy.
It would be child's play
to horrifically slaughter him,
but I want right now
is to make this man
abandon that sword!
I want to shatter
his concentration!
[soft music]
♪♪ ♪♪
- My vision
is starting to get distorted.
I'm dying.
I'm all out of air.
- Sorry, but it's not for you
to decide when it's all over.
- I don't understand.
You never told me that.
- It's all gonna be okay.
Just don't give up.
I promise
someone's gonna save you.
- Really?
Leave it to someone else?
That's the worst thing
I could do.
- There's a limit
to what we can do.
At least, when we're alone.
We all need help.
There's no shame
in asking for it.
- But there's no one
who can save me.
Because everyone's
weaker than I am.
I'm the one who should
have been stronger.
I misjudged my strength...
and subconsciously
overestimated my own skills...
all because I'm a Hashira.
- You're not wrong
about that, Muichiro.
You're gonna be fine.
- I'm going to die,
because that's not
the only mistake I made.
- [grunts]
[muffled] Mr. Tokito!
[normal] I won't let you die!
Hang in there, Mr. Tokito!
No matter what,
I'm gonna get you out of there
and save you!
C--Crap! What is this?
It's all rubbery and disgusting!
- If even
I can't slash through it,
how on earth can you?
Not to mention, you have bigger
priorities than me right now.
You have to protect the chief.
Oh, I suppose
that would be beyond you.
You should grab as many swords
as you can and run.
[knife pounding]
[gasps]
[tense music]
[demon grunting]
[metal clangs]
- What are you doing?
Behind you!
Behind you. Behind you!
- [groans]
- [gasping]
- [grunting]
- Ugh! I'm bleeding!
- What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Make a run for it!
Before it's too late!
- [grunts]
- [groans]
- [gasps]
♪♪ ♪♪
- [grunts]
- [groaning]
- His solar plexus.
He got stabbed
in his vital point.
- [gasping]
- He's going to die.
Why don't you get it?!
You're not strong enough!
Put pressure on that wound,
and get out of here, already!
Stop trying to save me!
You need to save yourself!
There's nothing
you can do for me!
♪♪ ♪♪
[bubbles flowing]
[gasps]
- Life always rewards
good deeds.
When you help others,
you're often helping yourself.
- [inhaling]
- Humans are incredible.
They can summon
an unbelievable strength,
but only when
it's for the sake
of someone
other than themselves.
Muichiro.
- Yes, I know.
[soft music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Mist Breathing, Second Form...
[rising music]
Eight-Layered Mist!
[dramatic music]
[grunts]
♪♪ ♪♪
I remember now, Tanjiro.
The reason I saw you,
but heard my father's words
is because you share
the same red eyes.
["Koi Kogare" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[page rustles]
- [grunting]
[mellow music]
- So this is what you've
been up to in secret?
But why should you
have to go this far
just to forge a sword?
- The swordsman
puts his life on the line
when he goes into battle,
so it's only fair
that his swordsmith
puts his life on the line
while forging his blade
and pour his soul
into his sword!
- Oh, yeah?
Now it's time
for a Taisho-era secret!
The knives he was wielding
when he chased
after Mr. Tanjiro
were forged by Mr. Haganezuka.
But since
they're unbelievably sharp,
he says he's too scared
to use them for cooking!
Is that totally pointless
or what?
Hmm?
- [roars]
- Mr. Haganezuka?
- [shrieking]
- Scary, scary, scary!
Mr. Haganezuka,
you're scaring me!
- Next, Episode 8,
"The Mu in Muichiro."